Update Release Notes Handbook to update GitHub team (#2050)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/release-notes/README.md

1. Add OWNERS file into release notes directory. [Sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/pull/1943) for v1.25 release.
2. Add release notes team members for CHANGELOG review/approval.
   [Sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/112045) for v1.25 release.

> 3. Add release notes team members to the Kubernetes org as a GitHub team [Sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/pull/3735)

Reviewer: At the start of the cycle the release-lead updates the document - so I would rephrase this a little bit.

```suggestion
3. Typically, the release lead updates the [release notes team members](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/blob/main/config/kubernetes/sig-release/teams.yaml#L387) along with other teams in a single PR; check the PR and make sure the release notes team has been updated, otherwise open a PR yourself [sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/pull/3735)
```

> 3. Add release notes team members to the Kubernetes org as a GitHub team [Sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/pull/3735)

Reviewer 2: nit: I think a link to the file is also helpful
```suggestion
3. Add release notes team members to the `release-team-release-notes` GitHub team under `release-team` in [k/org/config/kubernetes/sig-release/teams.yaml](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/blob/main/config/kubernetes/sig-release/teams.yaml). [Sample PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/pull/3735)
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to @leonardpahlke 's suggestion to state at the start of the release.
I didn't include the Line number because it changes
